Update find-controllers to handle ESM modules runtime (#11)
jeffijoe/awilix-router-core: README.md

This will return a map where the key is the controller method name and the value is the routing config to set up for that method, with root paths + middleware stacks pre-merged.

### `findControllers(pattern, opts)`

Using `fast-glob`, loads controllers from matched files.

> `opts` is a merge of glob options to pass into glob for pattern matching and the `esmModules` property which, when set to `true` returns a `Promise` that loads controller modules via dynamic `import()` (for async/ ES moduels usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`opts` is a merge of glob options to pass into glob for pattern matching and the `esModules` property which, when set to `true` returns a `Promise` that loads controller modules via dynamic `import()` (for async/ ES modules usage).
```
